Send a clearer error message if response is truncated before a chunk (#2860)
urllib3/urllib3: changelog/2860.bugfix.rst

> Don't claim 'invalid chunk length' if response terminates before the chunk length is sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ProtocolError instead of InvalidChunkLength if response terminates before the chunk length is sent.
```
